Cloud provider upgrade and rke2 version requirements (#245)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.0/rancher/node/node-driver.md

In your guest Kubernetes cluster, you can use [topology spread constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) to control how workloads are spread across the Harvester VMs among failure-domains such as regions and zones. This can help to achieve high availability as well as efficient resource utilization of your cluster resources.

> The minimum RKE2 version requirements to support the sync topology labels feature are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum RKE2 versions required to support the sync topology label feature are as follows:
```

In your guest Kubernetes cluster, you can use [topology spread constraints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) to control how workloads are spread across the Harvester VMs among failure-domains such as regions and zones. This can help to achieve high availability as well as efficient resource utilization of your cluster resources.

The minimum RKE2 versions required to support the sync topology label feature are as follows:

| Supported RKE2 Version | Cloud Provider Version |
| :--| :-- |
| \>=  v1.24.4+rke2r1 | \>= v0.1.4 |
| \>=  v1.23.10+rke2r1 | \>= v0.1.4 |
| \>=  v1.22.13+rke2r1 | \>= v0.1.4 |

> In addition, the cloud provider version of RKE/K3s must be >= v0.1.4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, the cloud provider version installed via the `Catalog Apps` of RKE/K3s must be >= v0.1.4
```
